[MUSIC]
>> Kent C. Dodds: We're going
to build a library from scratch.
It's gonna be a really small library.
We'll write and run tests.
We'll transpile it.
We'll add continuous integration.
We'll add a browser build, and
then we'll publish a real project.
So, each one of you will have an NPM
module registered on the on the NPM
registry, hopefully,
if all works out for that part.
And it will be unique.
It's not just gonna be a clone, like
we'll have 100 clones of this same thing.
It'll be unique and useful.
And then, actually,
I have a talk about managing
an open source project, and
that's how we'll wrap things up.
That's not exactly a workshop-y thing.
It's more of something you think about and
stuff.
So I'll kinda give that talk at the end.
One thing we're not going to do is I'm
not gonna focus on building a library.
We have so many different purposes for
the different libraries
that we're building and so that's
pretty hard to teach in a generic way.
I'll talk a little bit in that talk
about managing an open source library.
I'll talk a little bit about how to
make it extensible and stuff like that.
But for the most part the library
is going to be very small and
we'll kind of skip over
that stuff as we need to.
And mostly we're gonna be
building the tooling around
the library to make your life
as an open source author easier.
So requirements for the workshop.
Hopefully you all have
this set up already.
But you need git, node, NPM, and
then also a travis-ci.org account.
So if you don't have that set up,
go ahead and set that up.
It's pretty quick.
Just connect it with GitHub,
and a codecov.io account.
Connect that with GitHub as well.
These are things that we're gonna be
using to automate part of our project.
So, I leave that up for a second.
>> Kent C. Dodds: So
it's travis-ci.org and codecov.io.
Actually, you know what,
I should just copy this into the chat.
That is what I will do.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Whoops
>> Kent C. Dodds: There we go.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Okay, so
let's go ahead and jump in.
So these are commands that you should
have run, hopefully beforehand.
I will paste those into that chat again,
as well.
There was a mistake in the instructions
that was sent out, that was my bad.
Copy/paste error.
But you shouldn't be running any
server going to local host 8080.
That's not necessary for this workshop.
And when it's all said and
done, you should have a project
that looks like this.
You'll have a .git directory,
a known modules directory and
a .git attributes file.
It's totally empty.
The reason that you have a node_modules
directory, I'll just kind
of explain this really quick, is this npm
run setup:fem, for friend and masters.
What that is doing is it checks out
the very last branch of our workshop.
At every step is a branch,
and it runs NPM Install,
to install all the dependencies that we're
eventually going to have in the project,
and then it checks out the very first
branch, so the one that has nothing.
But it also deletes a couple
directories that are artifacts of
running some validation and stuff.
And so the reason that we do that is so
that throughout the workshop you don't
have to be constantly running NPM Install,
especially if you're on
a bad internet connection.
That can be a problem, and so
by installing everything upfront
you can just skip over that bit.
So that's why you have this node modules
directory It is not git ignored.
We don't have a git
ignore in here right now.
We'll actually add that
a little bit later.
Don't commit that.
Never commit your node model strength,
almost never.